Branching scheme (#2871)
urbit/urbit: MAINTAINERS.md

numbered release.

Since they are "done", release branches should be considered "public", in the
sense that others may depend on them at will.  Thus, never rebase a release
branch.

When cutting a new release, you can filter branches with `git branch --list
'release/*'` or by typing "release/" in the branch filter on Github.  This will
give you the list of branches which have passed review and may be merged to
master and released.  When choosing which branches to release, make sure you
understand the risks of releasing them immediately.  If merging these produces
nontrivial conflicts, consider asking the developers on those branches to merge
between themselves.  In many cases a developer can do this directly, but if it's
sufficiently nontrivial, this may be a reviewed PR of one release branch into
another.

### Non-OTAable release branches

In some cases, work is completed which cannot be OTA'd as written.  For example,
the code may lack state adapters, or it may not properly handle outstanding
subscriptions.  It could also be code which is planned to be released only upon
a breach (network-wide or rolling).

> In this case, the code maybe PR'd to a `na-release/` branch.  All rules are the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the code may be PR'd to a `na-release/` branch.  All rules are the
```

Author: Thanks
